Everyone
What a January 9, 2012 January mind today
It is the birthday of staff Yutabe staff Happy!
I'm apeace I said what kind of thing to do today
It is a city where the Yatabe Arena pilots a
I want to get
Now So 1 Thank you thank you
Anyway in the beginning it is true
It is a person of the sea Tea
It has to actor be of eliminating method is I So home value ordering piece It is better here
It is here who is the mother's reception
I thought
It is the current factor
Before you imagine me, with this card
bouvet name on beneath probably this state
Can Aja up to 10 minutes will it until I was 9 o'clock 10 minutes I Uchiyama not been ready to
I This is a that I get state
Let's go inside and walk
There are 1234 sources and it is the steady yen business that even the steady yen area is at first
Let's hurry up
I do not run
Assess John Edia is a lot of people left from the main control platform of the control platform
It's blooming here I'm flying here but here
I am playing a wire
This thousand
Don't come
A form in which people stand and clean
Come on out, we have pretty steady circle
Come on here is the regular circle area of Yatabe Arena
It is where people just most, including the first radio-controlled to learn the basics
Come on it at home
Shall we go next
It's early
I have explained in such a volume, but this is why this volume is called
That it is also not in time is opening prepared in the we do eh before opening morning
Yes, this is a course for beginners, and here too is a white line
Is drawn
Form that you stand and clean in this white line frame
Than we have become a why or a good will and before passage of I passage eyes here
I 'm going with the tool firmly open
Come on people of course
Such a little bit home
Come on, but a little better in the car I want is shaking himself a bad tone
Here is
8 hose for beginners
It's then carried out and you're good to do Uchiii So as it is
There is a little cross course here in Hiro but I know it is sour
Well yes it next is for Intermediate
Circuit for intermediate level is this
Standing position is here and on the rear control platform
There are 81
There is also a white area below the control platform
Come on this circuit for intermediate class
Again, but with a deep place
It is a shallow place
It is prepared, and it is the condition that you get a sense of drift here
Come on last
I would like to go
It is advanced course as it is
It is here in the advanced course
Even in the intermediate course, this control platform is elevated
It is giving up with the person of the advanced course
I have come to stand
Gucci
Come on here is an advanced person
Naa course has become
Let me get off the control deck
Yes
It feels like operating like this .
last
Ano one place when you say not vertical steering stand on when absolutely is it that there are many people
I have prepared
Yes it's right next to the control deck stairs
It will be for two people
There is a feeling, such as those made with Etchotto instant but yeah it is a here
It is in the can also be if any other area that maneuver
Already
It will still do a nuisance of audience
After all, to that reason
But in particular the bottom and Toka or even a place other than g 1 was a place other than the steering stand
When you go
that
Or you could not see better in the back because wide bran case quite Ya was
As it will be difficult to maneuver , it will always be
Standing 11 so decided
Everyone It is by all means if you maneuver to Ya was is in so I think you'll enjoy the RC
Mr
Thank you or so towards the side cooperation
Thank you very much for today's birthday